@W-22699468 PayPal and Venmo fixes.  SFP SDK V3 support (#3881)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/template-retail-react-app/CHANGELOG.md

## v10.1.0-dev
- [Bugfix] Fix PayPal/Venmo express checkout: resolve buyer-approved address from the upstream PayPal Order via `getBasket?expand=payment_references` (the SDK does not provide it client-side), and PATCH the basket payment instrument on shipping address change so the PayPal review screen reflects the new amount and shipping options. [#3868](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3868)

> - Bump `main.js` bundle-size budget from 102 kB to 103 kB to accommodate the PayPal/Venmo express address-resolution and shipping-PATCH paths. [#3868](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3868)

Reviewer: Both new entries link to PR #3868, but this PR is #3881. #3868 is still OPEN with the same 7-file scope, so if it closes without merging (or this PR lands first) the CHANGELOG anchors point to the wrong PR. Worth pointing both at whichever PR actually merges this code.

```suggestion
- [Bugfix] Fix PayPal/Venmo express checkout: resolve buyer-approved address from the upstream PayPal Order via `getBasket?expand=payment_references` (the SDK does not provide it client-side), and PATCH the basket payment instrument on shipping address change so the PayPal review screen reflects the new amount and shipping options. [#3881](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3881)
- Bump `main.js` bundle-size budget from 102 kB to 103 kB to accommodate the PayPal/Venmo express address-resolution and shipping-PATCH paths. [#3881](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3881)
```

Author: Good catch @joeluong-sfcc .  Pointed changelog to this PR and closed the other PR to avoid further confusion
